Global variables
- can be accessed by any function

```c
#include<stdio.h>
int global_int = 5;
// Global vars are stored for the entire program

int main(void)
{
	printf("%d%", global_int);
}
```
Somewhere else in memory are global things stored. not in any specific function.

downside of global vars:
- for long programs, you can lose track of how the var is being changed.
- local vars are easier to debug.
- So we try to avoid them.
Uses include:
- having some data that all sorts of methods will need to affect. (i.e. an image)

### Arrays
- A container which reserves many boxes of 
	- A specific type
	- A fixed size
```c
// Reserves 10 boxes of size 'char' times 10
char my_array[10];
```
In memory, the first box of the array is tagged as `char[]` and the rest have nothing. 

The first entry of an array is tagged. the following 9 boxes are not tagged.
Index is an "offset", or the # of boxes *after* the start of the array.
So `my_array[0]` reads as "get the box 0 boxes after the start".

char of value "\0" is end of string. null terminator
also if char = 0 it should be the same. 
[[CSCA48 (C Lang)/Strings|Strings]] #todo 
if the string is full, where the delimiter be?
- there won't be one, but also the string will end at the end of teh array cuz the size is fixed (10)
- nvm. the print will keep going until it finds the delimiter.

So look here
```c
char a[10];
for (int i = 0; i < 10; i++)
{
	a[i] = 'A' + 1;
}
printf("%s", a); // WIll print A-->J, and then garbage until we hit the delimiter.
```

```c
a[15] = 'P'; 
```
The above code will be attempted to run.
- If we run the code and nothing crashes, it's because the memory we are manipulating 
- You get a Segfault if the memory is reserved to another program.
Same with a[-1] except this is less likely to cause a segfault cuz the memory is reserved by this program.
