For the list, we do not want to use an array to keep each key, because it's not dynamic 

- we store the pointer to the head of the list in main
- for the next item, we have a bunch of stuff and a box with the location of the next item. 
	- each locker will have the data and the pointer to the next item
- .The last one doesn't have a locker number


Each item in a linked list is a "node" by convention
Each node is a CDT with a bunch of fields (or a CDT that bundles a bunch of fields!), and a pointer `next` that goes to the next node. 

```c
typefef struct ll_node_str
{
	OneShow show;
	// You CANNOT use the word "Node" here because the compiler doesn't know by this point the alias is Node
	struct ll_node_str *next;
} Node
```
Initialize pointers to `NULL`

### Dynamic memory allocation!!1
- Storing and clearing memory with it persisting outside of the scope we create it in (i.e. the memory is not volitile)
```c
new_node = (Node*) calloc(1, sizeof(Node));
// any number other than 1 is intended for arrays.
```

The heap is a big pool of memory that is free for programs to use on demand. Somewhere there it will found space of the right size and reserved for my program. calloc will return the pointer of the memory stored in the heap.
- DON'T LOOSE THE KEY

`(Node*)` type-converts the pointer; calloc returns a pointer of no specific type so we need to specify the type we want to convert it to.

You don't need to always cast. sometimes the compiler will do it for you. BUT TO BE SAME, always explicily cast - paco

calloc will always zero the data. There is no junk that is pointed to!!
- `malloc` does not do that. it leaves the junk there.
- There's only 1 real use case with malloc (it is faster!)
	- Why use calloc when loading a video when you're gonna override the junk anyway!
- Calloc does not store a "variable". There is no attached name, only a pointer (so you can think of the pointer as the means to access the data whereas with variables the "name" of the variable is the alias to access the data)

`free` takes a locker number and gets rid of our ownership of the locker.
- If we reserve memory and forget to release it, it gets stuck in limbo. Memory leak!!!
	- Think of going to panam, puttling a lock on your locker (calloc) but leaving panam without removing your locker. now no one can access it.

### Now for the actual implementation
- inserting into the L.L.
	1. Create a new Node / item / locker
	2. Initialize the node
		1. Read whatever info you want to and store it into the Node to populate it. 
		2. Make sure the next pointer is `NULL`
	3. Add the new node to the list
		1. If the head is null, then the head = the new node i created
		2. Else we "traverse" thru the list via a loop, starting from the head and going from one locker to the next until we hit the tail. At that point we add the new node to the tail!
		3. 